so it may come as a surprise
uh to you that uh today i am not going
to talk about the soviet military threat
but rather another threat a threat
to the traditional american family a
threat that is just as dangerous
and even more insidious the threat
of the women's liberation movement let
me be clear
i am not against uh women succeeding i
am not against women working outside the
home
that's their choice but what i am
against is a small
elitist group of northeastern
establishment liberals
putting down homemakers
now the libers love to say
that they're dedicated to choice but if
you dare to choose the path of full-time
mother well there must be something
wrong with you
i mean if you don't feel enslaved well
you're just dumb and unenlightened in
fact
you're not even a person because you see
the women's liberation movement is
basically a very negative
attitude toward life it it tells women
sister
the cards are stacked against you when
you wake up in the morning you won't get
a job
and if you do it won't be a good one and
if you get a good one you won't get
promoted and
if you get married your husband will
treat you like a servant and
marriage is just a lot of dirty diapers
and dirty dishes
but don't take my word for it read their
own literature
betty friedan mother of the movement
wrote in the feminine mystique
that marriage is and i quote a
comfortable
concentration camp but it is not enough
that they're demeaning us in the press
oh no now they want to use our
miraculous constitution
to create a sex neutral society through
this so-called equal rights amendment
which will mean that that baby girl will
be drafted
and the men will be at home nursing the
babies
i mean can you imagine if buck was left
in charge of your children oh god help
us
that's right it's ridiculous and it's
downright unamerican
because women are the primary caregivers
in the home
because we bear the children and if the
liberationists have a problem with that
they're going to have to take it out
with god
because what is going to happen if you
push women out into the workforce
is that women are going to find
themselves with two full-time jobs
and they're going to be exhausted and
unhappy and
feel like they're not doing either well
until eventually
they decide not to have children at all
maybe that's the
liberationist goal i mean after all
their hero is glorious dynam
a single childless woman nearing 40.
but she is the sort of uh miserable and
pathetic
woman they aspire to be she wants some
kind of constitutional cure for her
personal problems
and perhaps that is why the
liberationists are
trying to sow these seeds and discontent
among we
happily married women they want us to
join them
in some new sisterhood of frustrated
togetherness
because none of them can find a man who
wants to marry them
[Music]
you